---
title: Week 18
layout: post
author: pranav.upadhya
permalink: /week-18/
source-id: 15CmeS7dkTaeJihiKqYLqr_u1QVcPElbogt4GzCt3J1Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Dangers of social media </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/5/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We got into groups and discussed the advantages of social media, and why it was actually created.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>The target of this lesson was to understand the dangers of social media, how it seems to be a good thing is being misused, and how to stay safe from it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes because I understood ways that through social media, horrible things could happen.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I preserved when asked to give an answer for why people use social media as much as they do, but after thinking from my own reasons I realised that it was to let people know what they were doing and expressing how they feel</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I was questioning my peers, as to why social media would ruin people's lives and what would their motives be.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independent when asked to give thoughts on a question that we had not discussed in our group</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged,as i was constantly contributing to the ideas of my team </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have got distracted less.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could place myself away from my friends, therefore allowing me to concentrate more.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


