---
title: week 21
layout: post
author: pranav.upadhya
permalink: /week-21/
source-id: 1L7_9vwczO-l8I6znYC0nfSuj8H_cuRnFfP73AcjAjN0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Setting up our ipads</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>2/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We opened our ipads and and logged into our gmail accounts on the desktops we then filled in the details on an email from the school with our individual wifi passwords</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>The target for this lesson was to have a brief on the IT rules and code of conduct as we will have access to or own devices from next year it is important that we get reminded of the rules as not to break them </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes ,because I am familiar with the rules and what is and not acceptable</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>We did not need to preserve for this lesson as this was mainly us getting briefed about the rules making more of a listening lesson than a productive one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned on the different rules and how the work also how they will find out and questions on the home use of our ipads and the rules then. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on the rules that applied when we got to use chromebooks or when we were in the IT lab and the rules that applied them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have bought my own ipad, but since i had not purchased it yet, i couldn't do some of the same activities as everyone else.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can pay more attention to deadlines and try to finish tasks before the nearing the deadline.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


